https://github.com/zarah075/ma1805-mini-project-portfolio__.git

EXPERTISE LEVEL: I did python a while ago when I was younger and did just a bit of QBasic in high school, however I have had no experience with coding since, so I would say beginner.


[01.DRAWING](01.DRAWING/index.html)
For the drawing prompt, I wanted to depict the split people feel when it concerns the concept of owning billions of a currency - the dual feeling of being against someone having billions and wishing they were the person with billions. It took me a while and a lot of tweaking to get the positioning of the shapes; I originally had a triangle in the drawing, but I struggled with the values. I especially struggled with getting a vertical line and struggled to find a simple way to accomplish it. Out of the four prompts this was most likely the hardest for me purely because it felt like I was flying blind and just writing code until something works as opposed to having a full understanding of how to set values to get the desired result. I researched this, especially in regards to triangles and lines, but I found most explanations I found hard to understand.

[02.MOVEMENT](02.MOVEMENT/index.html)
For the movement prompt, I wanted to digitally recreate the process of a pour painting, where you stack different colours of paint and simply pour over the canvas. As I have done this before, I used colours similar to those in my painting. I tweaked the rotation functions a lot to get them in specific positions. I found it difficult to understand them. Once again, I struggled with the values on the triangles and changing their position proved really difficult. I along the line made the mistake of having the canvas set to window height and window width, and then in my code confining the shapes to move within points that ended at 500; It took me quite some time to discover and understand the mistake. However I was able to fix this and get the desired effect. I had originally intended to layer text over it, however I found this to be really complicated when the 'WEBGL' function is in use, and hence did ot include it.

[03.MULTIPLES](03.MULTIPLES/index.html)
For the multiples prompt, I was inspired by asterism, a bright or thick pattern of stars in the sky. I liked the example we got in week 3 and the data garden display on P5*JS, so I figured I would blend the two concepts to achieve this. I figured out how to implement the emojis and display them at a particular rate pretty quickly; What I struggled with was getting them to co-exist with the circles' code, and to get both to display at the same time. It took a lot of research to figure out what was wrong with how I formatted my code. However, I was able to implement the mouseClicked function with more ease. I had initially intended to have another emoji moving in place of circles, however I found this confusing and complicated. I also attempted to draw the stars from scratch, but was unable to find a way to make it work. A lot of this was trial and error with different functions to figure out how to get every variable to run correctly.

[04.MEDIA](04.MEDIA/index.html)
For the media prompt, I decided to display images of protests that took place in 2020 in my country, Nigeria, following the unjust killing of NIgerian youths by military personel and government officials at a toll gate during a peaceful protest on the 20th of October 2020. The audio added is the song '20 10 20' by Burno Boy, which tells this story and expresses disappointment and anger towards the government for the situation. This prompt I found a lot easier then the others in terms of the process and how to write the code. My only obstacles were figuring out how to include multiple images and how to get the audio to pause when the screen is clicked. When I did learn how to get more than one image, I again struggled with the dimensions and getting them to go where I wanted, especially since my window height and window width didn't seem to be working. This assessment has taught me that I need a greater understanding of setting values when it comes to coding.